# SWORD Health Code Challenge

## Installation

```sh
# Inside the dockerizer folder type:
docker-compose build 
docker-compose up -d

```

## Opening the code challenge

Open URL [http://127.0.0.1:1234](http://127.0.0.1:1234) in any browser.

## Accessing the website

Based on the requirements, there are 2 roles: Manager and Technician. Two users where 
generated by default in the migration:
- Manager:
  - Email: manager@swordhealth.com
  - Password: abc123
- Techinicia: 
  - Email: technician@swordhealth.com
  - Password: abc123

## Requirements

You are developing a software to account for maintenance tasks performed during a working day. This application
has two types of users (Manager, Technician).
The technician performs tasks and is only able to see, create or update his own performed tasks.
The manager can see tasks from all the technicians, delete them, and should be notified when some tech performs
a task.
A task has a summary (max: 2500 characters) and a date when it was performed, the summary from the task can
contain personal information.

#### Notes:
- If you don’t have enough time to complete the test you should prioritize complete features ( with tests ) over
many features.
- We’ll evaluate security, quality and readability of your code
- This test is suitable for all levels of developers, so make sure to prove yours

## Development

### Features:
- ##### Authentication
  - POST /auth/login     - Login to the plataform using mysqlSession
  - POST /auth/logout    - Clean up user session
  - GET  /auth/is-logged - Check and return user session data
- ##### Task
  - GET    /task/tasks    - List all tasks
  - GET    /task/task/:id - List task based on its id
  - POST   /task/task     - Add new task
  - PUT    /task/task/:id - Edit task based on its id
  - DELETE /task/task/:id - Remove task based on its id

## Tech Requirements:
- Node was chosen to develop the HTTP API
- Create a local development environment using docker containing this service and a MySQL database
  - Environment developed in a docker and docker-compose
- Use MySQL database to persist data from the application
  - Volume set in the docker-compose.yml for persistence
- Features should have unit tests to ensure they are working properly
  Bonus 
  - BDD tests was implemented instead of Unit Tests due the importance and short time
  - Tests runs before "backend service" starts in docker-compose
- Use a message broker to decouple notification logic from the application flow
  - Nats.io was chosen as broker for pub/sub service 
- Create Kubernetes object files needed to deploy this application
  - Out of time
- Bonus:
  - Migration created and separated database managed for BDD tests purpose
